testing Ai generate subs, please disable if uncomfortable. warning is removed at 0:15
Hi Flover
Today
I
on my way home
bought some fish cake.
So I'm going to eat this.
I'm going to eat it.
But I thought it'd be a shame to just eat it alone.
So
I turned on the live stream.
Looks delicious right?
Here Flover first.
Yeah.
Blonde hair
you mean?
It's a bit awkward.
It's really good.
Yeah.
You look like you lost a lot of weight.
I worked hard to lose it.
Did you watch Chef?
Kangsoo
Is it winter?
I guess it's winter.
Two
You're asking if my schedule is over?
My schedule for today is done.
I have something else to eat today.
It's peeled grapes.
Oh man I
thought it would be so delicious
so I bought it but um
just
something
I have to manage my diet a lot
so
because of that
I wasn't eating it
and now today
I'm going to eat it in front of Flover
I prepared it like this.
Uh
Right I said I'd only do this for 5 minutes today.
I don't know I'll just do it.
15 minutes
Ah
I'm so happy.
Wow it's so good.
I don't need
Ah.
This is so nice I'm so happy.
You're asking if my scalp is okay?
This time it's better than I thought
my scalp was fine.
But now
as the roots grow out
now
the roots
when I bleach it that's when it's going to
hurt
a lot
and be itchy.
It's always fine at first.
But
when you bleach it
it can be itchy or sting
you know.
Whenever that happens if you take allergy medicine beforehand
and go
it's fine it's better than
you think.
If any Flover is planning to
bleach their hair make sure
to take allergy medicine before going.
It will be fine then.
Oh right.
I heard a lot of schools
had their final exams today.
I'm almost done eating.
I bought three of them.
If your hand is
like
and
stay
Ah
I'm so happy
Round two
here I go.
I'm curious.
It's like this.
It feels like this.
They say this is really good.
Mmm.
Oh.
Oh
It would be funny if I finished eating
while going oh.
It's really good though.
It feels like this.
You can't see it.
It's really good.
Ah
This is really nice.
What flavor is this?
Fruit
cocktail
bong
it tastes something
like that.
Mmm.
Yeah how did they
remove all
the seeds
from these grapes?
I think it must have been a bit hard to remove the seeds.
It's really delicious.
So good.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Peeled grape review
it's delicious.
I think it'd be good to eat as a snack.
It's like the grapes in Bong Bong juice
but the chunks
are a bit plumper.
What did Flover do today?
I just rested and thought of Flover.
Your hair is pretty.
Thanks.
You think my hands got bigger? No they didn't.
They aren't that big.
They're just average
but they aren't on the smaller side either.
Just
saying.
Not like super huge or anything.
You're asking how I decided to bleach my hair?
Hmm.
Actually I've been wanting to bleach it for a while but
ah
my hair condition
was
just
ridiculously bad so
I thought I couldn't do it this time.
Even at the earliest
I was thinking maybe next year.
But time doesn't come back you know.
So
hair will just
grow back if it gets damaged.
So I just went for it.
So I want to show you guys
as many diverse and pretty looks as possible
so I did it.
Room
Ah what was it?
Boljjibbang?
Boljjibbang
There was something what was this?
Was it this?
Beehive?
Anyway
they say there's something like that
Bol
Let's make a nickname too.
Let's make Mammoth Bread
Mammoth Bread um
Mammoth.
Hmm.
It doesn't sound very cute does it It sounds like there's a lot of filling
and sweet
uh
right?
Then I'll try to think of something else.
with
the
still
eh
Everyone is talking about their favorite bread.
Taiyaki.
Taiyaki
is not bad.
making a fish face um
bread
fish
Taiyaki
feeling like this
I think so
Not that
Why are you crying
Don't laugh.
Cream puff bread Cream puff bread is good Cream puff bread
What else is there Cream puff bread
The characteristic
the characteristic
of cream puff bread is
that
it's sweet
sweet and
feels like it's going to get all over your mouth right.
So the cream puff
is going like this.
Cream puff
bread
Was that okay?
I think it was okay.
No it wasn't.
Ah I think it was okay though.
Ah hurry up and give me some ideas Flover.
is not bad.
7 bread
Isn't it okay?
I think this is pretty good.
Flover you have good ideas.
You ate the peeled grapes
like they were
pills.
Hodu Maru
Hodu
come here
Do you want to eat this
peeled grape
They won't eat it.
The calories are
Not bad.
Wow
I don't want to do it.
Huh?
Mommy's hair color is exactly the same as yours now right?
Mmm.
Mommy's hair is the same as yours now right?
Hodu is
Ah I like it a lot.
Dudu
do
I still have a few things left on my
schedule today.
First Hodu
giving Churu
Maru
Cleaning up
the kids' poop
And
I have to run the vacuum once
and run the steam mop all over.
And the laundry
in the dryer
needs to be folded
and I have to wash the towels today too.
And
I need to wash the dishes
from what I ate today
and take out the recycling.
I'm so busy.
I have so much to do.
So
Ah did I say I was only going to do this for 5 minutes?
I guess I did.
Who said that?
Who was it?
Who said they were going to do that?
Ah it's so good.
What
Yeah
Kiss
Where are you?
If I give Hodu a kiss he gives one back
Maru too
But
but
if I do that
fur
um.
fur might get in my mouth.
Done.
Kiss
Aw
Then
Peeled Hodu
Hodu
Kiss
Oh heart
heart
oh heart
heart nose
Good boy.
Hodu bang
bang
bang.
Good boy.
He did it.
Good job.
Do you have a cat like this I do.
Oh my.
He's a genius cat
with boogers
all over his nose
oh my goodness
I could
Sorry okay.
Hodu drum
Hodu then
Hodu.
What does this mean?
You don't know what I'm saying do you.
Right?
What are you saying?
Huh?
Sit
Bang.
Bang
Everything
I should
go now.
I have a lot to do.
Hey
don't go
Hey why are you talking like this
weren't you shy in front of the camera
Hodu
why are you
being so clingy?
You want a chicken banana?
Show Flover your chicken banana since it's been a while.
Ouch
Come here
Look here
Ah.
That's a relief.
An announcement suddenly came on
Hodu
You made a heart with your tail again
you made a heart.
Ah you're asking what happened to my arm?
Today I went
to get a blood test
done.
For an allergic
reaction.
Ah lately my nose gets so stuffy before I go to bed
so
um
and my throat was scratchy today because of the fine dust
and I'm the type to go to the hospital even if I'm just a little sick.
So I went
and
I said my nose is stuffy lately and I raise cats
so I think I might have a cat allergy.
They told me to get an allergy test.
So I asked how do you do an allergy test and they said they just need to draw some blood.
So I can find out if I have a cat allergy or not
or what else I might be allergic to.
So they drew
some blood.
But they only drew a tiny bit
so it didn't really hurt.
Ah this scar here
is this a scar You can't really see it right now.
This is from
when I went to a restaurant and you know those hot stone pots I got burned on one.
So
it didn't hurt much but it left a bit of a scar.
Ah but this is
this is
well
my
Whenever I get burned by something hot
I always thought you absolutely have to put something cold on it
so even though it didn't hurt much I kept putting something cold on it.
I never used to do that I've never put something cold on a burn before.
But since
hot stuff touched it and then cold stuff touched it
uh
it causes
extreme contraction
and relaxation
you know.
So I was thinking
because of that temperature difference
maybe it left a worse scar.
I thought about that.
This is
just my own theory though so
if anyone knows
about this
please let me know.
Because it really wasn't that hot
but I kept
putting ice on it.
Is that why it left a scar?
But I'm not a doctor so I don't really know.
But the burns that I just
left alone without doing anything to them
all those wounds
didn't leave a scar I think.
Yeah this is
just my own theory
so
it's not a proven fact.
Just kinda
thinking is it because of that?
Probably not right?
I was thinking ah did I put something cold on it for nothing?
I had that thought.
Anyway that's what happened.
Is it right to put something cold on it?
I put a lot of cold stuff on it.
Eating peeled grapes is pretty fun.
Ah you want me to use a filter.
Before I turned this on
I wanted
to turn on
a filter.
But
I felt like it was too much of a scam.
Sigh
How is it?
Maru
Hodu I turned on the filter now
you can confidently show up like this from now on
You don't like the filter?
Got it.
How about this one Hodu?
Do you like it.
You like it.
You don't
This one is lovely Hodu
do you like this one
you don't like it
I'm asking if you like it
How is this
Is it lovely?
How about it Today
I'll go with the lovely filter.
Mmm.
Lovely
One bite for you
one bite for you
Mmm.
Hodu
no.
is a really picky eater.
He's very picky.
Maru eats anything.
Maru eats everything.
Maru
even eats rice.
Yeah capture time.
Do a heart with Mommy.
Like this.
One two
Ah.
Like this
with your tail.
Ah okay.
I really don't understand cats' minds.
What could he be thinking?
Yeah.
So cute.
Why is he so cute?
Listen.
I'm going to go now.
I have a lot of things to do.
I need to finish my chores quickly for tomorrow
and go to sleep.
Did I only do 5 minutes today? I meant to only do 5 minutes but I had so much fun that I almost hated myself for saying I'd only do 5 minutes.
It was a fun time.
It's time
I'll go now.
Everyone say bye.
Bye.
Hodu say bye
Good boy